Go Fish

Set up:
1. Players gather around and make a circle, surrounding the pile of cards that is used in order to play the game.
2. All players recieve five cards to begin with.
3. An individual player's hand will be sorted by card number in any order they like:
  The player usually orders their hand increasing in numerical value from left to right. else:
    The player can also order their hand increasing in numerical value from right to left. else:
      The player doesn't have to order their hand and sorts cards in groups of the same numerical values.
4. Before starting, choose a method to determine the turn order among the players, like age:
  The player gets the first turn:
    From the first player, rotate clockwise with turns going from player to player without skipping. else:
      Rotate counter-clockwise with turns going from player to player without skipping anyone.
      
Gameplay:
  The youngest player gets the first turn:
    From the first player, rotate clockwise with turns going from player to player without skipping. else:
      Rotate counter-clockwise with turns going from player to player without skipping anyone.
While the amount of pairs that are gained by all players add up to 13 or less:
  the first player must verbally inquire from any different player if they have any cards of a specific value:
    recall any questions that were asked previously:
      you remember questions that ask for the same card you possess and ended with the other player not getting it:
        ask for the card that you need and you know that person has from that person.
      you don't remember questions that ask for the same card you possess and ended with the other player not getting it:
        ask for a random one of your cards and ask from a random player other than you.
    the card that you ask for must be a card that you possess in their hand.
    the asked player has that card or multiple of that same card value that was asked for:
      the player in question must give these cards to you, the player in turn. the player in turn gets a pair.
    they don't have the card:
        then they must tell the current active player to draw a card, usually saying "go fish." The player in turn draws a card:
          the card is the same card that they asked for at the beginning of their turn:
            the player in turn gains a pair and may go again (repeat).
          the card is not the same card that they asked for at the beginning of their turn:
            their turn ends.  the player in turn is now the next player in the order.
The game ends when 13 pairs are made. The winner is the player with the most pairs at the end.
Remember to have fun!
